Typo "Teams Room Pro"→"Teams Rooms Pro" (#10347)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/devices/smartvision-admin.md

### Prerequisites

- Microsoft Teams Rooms Windows device or console.
- Microsoft Teams Rooms Pro license:

>   - Microsoft Teams Rooms with Pro or Premium license is required to enable IntelliFrame, and people recognition features on Microsoft Teams Room.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Microsoft Teams Rooms with Pro or Premium license is required to enable IntelliFrame, and people recognition features on Microsoft Teams Rooms.
```

  > [!Note]
  > Ensure the cable is not pulled tightly or pinched for ideal data transmission and connectivity.

> Log in to the Microsoft Teams Rooms as an admin user and change the settings as shown in the image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log in to Microsoft Teams Rooms as an admin and change the settings as shown in the image.
```

To enable device log collection for feedback log filing:

1. Launch an admin command prompt in Microsoft Teams Rooms to which the camera is connected.
2. Run [plazacfg.bat]{.underline} released with this document to config the log collection and windows driver update endpoint settings properly.

> 3. Reboot the Microsoft Teams Rooms for changes to take effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Restart Microsoft Teams Rooms for changes to take effect.
```

### Update device firmware

Once you are connected to Microsoft Teams Room, the device firmware must be updated.

To ensure you have the latest firmware, sign in to Microsoft Teams Rooms from the Admin mode, and do a **Windows update** to receive the latest firmware.

## Calibrate to Ignore room monitors

You must calibrate the device to avoid camera detecting faces on monitors and rendering them on IntelliFrame.

1. To complete the calibration process (Automatic and Manual), [download the application](https://agent.rooms.microsoft.com/files/agent/plaza/builds/prod/IntelligentIgnore.zip).

> 2. Sign in to Microsoft Teams Rooms with admin privilege, right select **install.bat** and run as administrator. The app starts the installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Sign in to Microsoft Teams Rooms with admin privileges, right-select **install.bat**, and run as an administrator. The app starts the installation.
```

> 6. Once you set the ignore region, the SmartVision 60 will reboot and the changes will be applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Once you set the ignore region, the SmartVision 60 will restart and the changes will be applied.
```

This requires the tenant  ```CsTeamsMeetingPolicy``` **roomPeopleNameUserOverride** to be "**On**" and **roomAttributeUserOverride** to be **Attribute** for allowing individual voice and face profiles to be used for recognition in meetings.

 ```roomPeopleNameUserOverride``` = {On | Off}  
**On** - Policy value allow **People recognition** option on Microsoft Teams Rooms under call control bar.  
**Off** – No People Recognition option on Microsoft Teams Room. This is default.

```roomAttributeUserOverride``` = {Attribute | Off}
**Attribute** - Policy value allow **Voice identification** option on Microsoft Teams Rooms if transcription is started for the meeting.  

> **Off** – No Voice identification option on Microsoft Teams Room. This is default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Off** – No Voice identification option on Microsoft Teams Rooms. This is the default.
```
